README.md, before:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15027245/144850931-00a65946-1cde-478b-bdf9-63fff63c4217.png)

# Prerequisite
Ionic CLI - If you don't have the ionic CLI installed refer [official documentation](https://ionicframework.com/docs/intro/cli) for the installation instructions.


# Build Notes (Users)

1. Download the app from [release](https://github.com/hotwax/pickingapp/releases) page and extract it.
2. Go to the app directory.
3. Run following command to download dependencies  
    `npm i`
4. Create a `.env` file by taking reference from the `.env.example` and set the `VUE_APP_BASE_URL` to the instance you want to connect the app.
5. To run the app in browser use the command: `ionic serve`


# Build Notes (Contributors)

1. Open a Terminal window
2. Clone app using the command: `git clone https://github.com/hotwax/pickingapp.git <repository-name>`
3. Go to the <repository-name> directory using command: `cd <repository-name>`
4. Run following command to download dependencies
    `npm i`
5. Create a `.env` file by taking reference from the `.env.example` and change the `VUE_APP_BASE_URL` to the instance you want to connect the app.
6. To run the app in browser use the command: `ionic serve`


# Contribution Guideline

1. Fork the repository and clone it locally from the `main` branch. Before starting your work make sure it's up to date with current `main` branch.
2. Pick an issue from [here](https://github.com/hotwax/pickingapp/issues). Write in the issue comment that you want to pick it, if you can't assign yourself. **Please stay assigned to one issue at a time to not block others**.
3. Create a branch for your edits. Use the following branch naming conventions: **pickingapp/issue-number**.
4. Please add issue number to your commit message.
5. Propose a Pull Request to `main` branch containing issue number and issue title.
6. Use [Pull Request template](https://github.com/hotwax/pickingapp/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) (it's automatically added to each PR) and fill as much fields as possible to describe your solution.
7. Reference any relevant issues or other information in your PR.
8. Wait for review and adjust your PR according to it.
9. Congrats! Your PR should now me merged in!

If you can't handle some parts of the issue then please ask for help in the comment. If you have any problems during the implementation of some complex issue, feel free to implement just a part of it.

# UI / UX Resources
Below you may find some useful resources for improving the UI / UX of the app.
    - https://www.figma.com/community/file/885791511781717756/Ionic-5-Material-UI-Kit-(Community)

## Report a bug or request a feature

Always define the type of issue:
* Bug report
* Feature request

While writing issues, please be as specific as possible. All requests regarding support with implementation or application setup should be sent to.

Commit message:

Added information about license and discord

README.md, after:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15027245/144850931-00a65946-1cde-478b-bdf9-63fff63c4217.png)

# Prerequisite
Ionic CLI - If you don't have the ionic CLI installed refer [official documentation](https://ionicframework.com/docs/intro/cli) for the installation instructions.


# Build Notes (Users)

1. Download the app from [release](https://github.com/hotwax/pickingapp/releases) page and extract it.
2. Go to the app directory.
3. Run following command to download dependencies  
    `npm i`
4. Create a `.env` file by taking reference from the `.env.example` and set the `VUE_APP_BASE_URL` to the instance you want to connect the app.
5. To run the app in browser use the command: `ionic serve`


# Build Notes (Contributors)

1. Open a Terminal window
2. Clone app using the command: `git clone https://github.com/hotwax/pickingapp.git <repository-name>`
3. Go to the <repository-name> directory using command: `cd <repository-name>`
4. Run following command to download dependencies
    `npm i`
5. Create a `.env` file by taking reference from the `.env.example` and change the `VUE_APP_BASE_URL` to the instance you want to connect the app.
6. To run the app in browser use the command: `ionic serve`


# Contribution Guideline

1. Fork the repository and clone it locally from the `main` branch. Before starting your work make sure it's up to date with current `main` branch.
2. Pick an issue from [here](https://github.com/hotwax/pickingapp/issues). Write in the issue comment that you want to pick it, if you can't assign yourself. **Please stay assigned to one issue at a time to not block others**.
3. Create a branch for your edits. Use the following branch naming conventions: **pickingapp/issue-number**.
4. Please add issue number to your commit message.
5. Propose a Pull Request to `main` branch containing issue number and issue title.
6. Use [Pull Request template](https://github.com/hotwax/pickingapp/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) (it's automatically added to each PR) and fill as much fields as possible to describe your solution.
7. Reference any relevant issues or other information in your PR.
8. Wait for review and adjust your PR according to it.
9. Congrats! Your PR should now me merged in!

If you can't handle some parts of the issue then please ask for help in the comment. If you have any problems during the implementation of some complex issue, feel free to implement just a part of it.

## Report a bug or request a feature

Always define the type of issue:
* Bug report
* Feature request

While writing issues, please be as specific as possible. All requests regarding support with implementation or application setup should be sent to.
    
    
# UI / UX Resources
You may find some useful resources for improving the UI / UX of the app <a href="https://www.figma.com/community/file/885791511781717756" target="_blank">here</a>.

# Join the community on Discord
If you have any questions or ideas feel free to join our Discord channel: <a href="https://discord.gg/DMHTcSKt" target="_blank">invitation</a> link
    
# The license

Bopis app is completely free and released under the Apache v2.0 License. Check <a href="https://github.com/hotwax/bopis/blob/main/LICENSE" target="_blank">LICENSE</a> for more details.
